so a particular sea story that I can remember. It was actually when I
first checked into, um ud mobile unit three, where I was gonna be doing
marine mammal handling work. And so I showed up. You know, any four
in my dress whites and I checked in, and, you know, the guys were
already in the platoon space, like, Oh, you're the new checking I
said, Yeah, absolutely. Like, Great. Um, we're going out to see real
quick. So here, throw this on and come down out on the boat, and we're
gonna go out and work these animals And, you know, I'm standing
there with my packet of papers and my dress whites on, and they throw
me like some smelly fish smelling close with shorts and a brown T
shirt. They found, like, a pair of boots that I could wear and within
10 minutes from checking in, uh, in my dress whites I'm wearing, you
know, the smelly outfit walking down to where the boats are at to
get sea lions on board that we're gonna go work for the day having
them dive down to, like, 500 feet, carrying a line to attach to training
minds for training these animals. Um, so while we're out there,
that's where they, the lpo and the other, the other folks around on
the boat, you really start to get to kind of know me. Then we got back
there like, All right, go ahead and just shower up. Now you go upstairs
and check into admin and get your other stuff ready to go and
finish your check in process. I think that was kind of a unique experience.
There's kind of unconventional from what I heard of how you
normally check in when you show up to a new command in the Navy. But
I actually enjoyed it that way, looking back on it because it really
got an opportunity for me to immediately understand what I was gonna
be doing to talk with the folks that were gonna be leading me and
the folks I was gonna be working with in kind of a un formal setting.
And then, you know, step back into the formal setting, put on my
dress whites and then go and finish the check in process. I think
that's kind of a unique experience, uh, for the Navy and a cultural
experience that were very sea driven were very work driven. And so new
guy shows up. It's me like, Hey, we're going out on the water to
go do some work and then you can worry about the administrative stuff
afterwards.